README.md, before:

# Work in progress

[![pipeline status](https://cseegit.essex.ac.uk/ce301_2020/ce301_smith_callum-james/badges/master/pipeline.svg)](https://cseegit.essex.ac.uk/ce301_2020/ce301_smith_callum-james/commits/master)

# Isometric RPG/TBS Game
A 2D Isometric RPG game made with the power of [MonoGame](https://www.monogame.net).

## Getting Started
Getting started is pretty simple, this project was made using JetBrains Rider.

### JetBrains Rider

1. Launch Rider and select 'Get From Version Control'

![Image showing Riders project selection screen](https://i.gyazo.com/40b47acbac8ffecedb629f461975c2d8.png)

2. Copy the [repo url](https://cseegit.essex.ac.uk/ce301_2020/ce301_smith_callum-james.git) and proceed.

![Image showing repo import screen](https://i.gyazo.com/9173d99394999312d31b1fee3abb2e0a.png)

3. **The build will fail at first.** Open a terminal window/cmd (Bottom status bar) in the projects directory, 
and type the following commands:

`dotnet restore`

`dotnet build`

*You may need to relaunch Rider to get symantic highlighting working again*

## (WIP) Prerequisites


## (WIP) Installing
A step by step guide on how to build and install your software, for example:


### (WIP) Install libraries and run program


### (WIP) Running Tests
How do I run your tests? Make it as easy as possible to do this!


##  Versioning Statergy
What versioning statergy are you using for your project, something like [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) might be a good idea.


## Authors
* Callum-James Smith @cs18804


##  (WIP) References
* [Licence for TeamCity](https://1806094-capstone-project.beta.teamcity.com/acceptTermsOfServices.html?agreement=hosted&proceedUrl=%2Fprofile.html)
* [Example 1](https://github.com/erasmus-without-paper/ewp-specs-sec-intro/tree/v2.0.2)
* [Example 2](https://github.com/erasmus-without-paper/ewp-specs-architecture/tree/v1.10.0)

Commit message:

Update README.md to add instructions for installing the MGCB tool

README.md, after:

# Work in progress

[![pipeline status](https://cseegit.essex.ac.uk/ce301_2020/ce301_smith_callum-james/badges/master/pipeline.svg)](https://cseegit.essex.ac.uk/ce301_2020/ce301_smith_callum-james/commits/master)

# Isometric RPG/TBS Game
A 2D Isometric RPG game made with the power of [MonoGame](https://www.monogame.net).

## Getting Started
Getting started is pretty simple, this project was made using JetBrains Rider.

### JetBrains Rider

1. Launch Rider and select 'Get From Version Control'

![Image showing Riders project selection screen](https://i.gyazo.com/40b47acbac8ffecedb629f461975c2d8.png)

2. Copy the [repo url](https://cseegit.essex.ac.uk/ce301_2020/ce301_smith_callum-james.git) and proceed.

![Image showing repo import screen](https://i.gyazo.com/9173d99394999312d31b1fee3abb2e0a.png)

3. To get the MonoGame Content Build manager installed, open a terminal and run the following command:

`dotnet tool install -g dotnet-mgcb`

4. **The build will fail at first.** Open a terminal window/cmd (Bottom status bar) in the projects directory, 
and type the following commands:

`dotnet restore`

`dotnet build`

*You may need to relaunch Rider to get symantic highlighting working again*

## (WIP) Prerequisites


## (WIP) Installing
A step by step guide on how to build and install your software, for example:


### (WIP) Install libraries and run program


### (WIP) Running Tests
How do I run your tests? Make it as easy as possible to do this!


##  Versioning Statergy
What versioning statergy are you using for your project, something like [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) might be a good idea.


## Authors
* Callum-James Smith @cs18804


##  (WIP) References
* [Licence for TeamCity](https://1806094-capstone-project.beta.teamcity.com/acceptTermsOfServices.html?agreement=hosted&proceedUrl=%2Fprofile.html)
* [Example 1](https://github.com/erasmus-without-paper/ewp-specs-sec-intro/tree/v2.0.2)
* [Example 2](https://github.com/erasmus-without-paper/ewp-specs-architecture/tree/v1.10.0)
